Go integ test for Operator chart and CI (#1027)
DataDog/helm-charts: CONTRIBUTING.md

Go sources are located under the `test` directory.

#### Unit Tests
To run unit tests.

```shell
 make unit-test
 ```

For changes which require baseline file update run `make update-test-baselines`. This will update all baseline files which should be included in the PR and pushed upstream.

#### Integration Tests
Integration tests run against locally configured context. We use [Terratest][terratest] for interacting with Helm and Kubectl.

> Each test creates unique namespace and subsequent resources are created in this namespace. Clean-up upon test completion is best effort, so it's recommended to run test against disposable cluster. **Make sure your don't accidentally run the test against production cluster.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each test creates a unique namespace and subsequent resources are created in this namespace. Clean-up upon test completion is best effort, so it's recommended to run test against disposable cluster. **Make sure you don't accidentally run the test against a production cluster.**
```
